Who we are
As a strategic hub of the CTC Group in the United States, we support innovation and digital transformation through “co-creation” with our customers. We use cutting-edge technology  to improve the competitiveness and growth of our customers not only Japan, but from Asia and the US.

Corporate Profile
Company Name:  ITOCHU Techno-Solutions America, Inc. (CTCA)

Establishment:  1990 

Address:   HQ: Santa Clara, CA (Branch: New York, NY)

Capital:   $5.36 Million 

Share Holders:   ITOCHU Techno-Solutions Corporation (70%),   ITOCHU Corporation. (30%)

CEO:   Masanori Tanaka

Employees:    30（As of 2023）

Major Business:  IT Services for Japanese Companies, Research on latest trends/Startup discovery, Trade to Japan

Group:   SYSCOM GLOBAL SOLUTIONS INC.  (33.7% of shares acquired in Aug. 2018)

To learn more about SYSCOM, click here.

Corporate History
history.png
Aug 1990: ITOCHU Technology, Inc. established as a subsidiary of ITOCHU Mar 2012: CTC acquires 100% of shares of ITOCHU Technology, Inc.      Aug 2012: Name changes to ITOCHU Techno-Solutions America, Inc.      Mar 2017: 30% of shares acquired by ITOCHU Corporation
Business Domain 
Business Development
We research the latest technological trends for the CTC Group, and work on developing partnership with leading startups and identify new business opportunities.

Currently, we are focusing on developing technologies in services that will contribute to the future of each industry and the IT infrastructure that supports them. 

IT Solution（SI）
We provide total IT solutions including system development, technology enablement, maintenance and operation services both in Japan and the US. We stand ready to support your DX from initial PoC planning to full project implementation with our HQ in Japan and SYSCOM, an affiliated company with a 30-year history in the United States

To learn more about SYSCOM, click here.

ビジネスドメイン1.png
As a bridge between the US and Japan, we have supported the business expansion of our customers for over 30 years. 

About CTC
ITOCHU Techno-Solutions corporation (CTC) is the largest systems integrator in Japan.  CTC is providing sales, maintenance, and support of computers and network systems, commissioned software development, Information processing services. 
http://www.ctc-g.co.jp/en/

CTC group code of conduct
We at CTC will endeavor to fulfill our corporate social responsibility in accordance with the “CTC Group philosophy,” and always conduct ourselves with a strong sense of ethics and responsibility based on an understanding of the code set forth below link.
CTC Group Policy on Fair Trade and Prevention of Corruption

CTC group philosophy 
Slogan: Challenging Tomorrow’s Changes  
Mission: Leveraging IT’s potential to change future for the global good.

Security Policy
ITOCHU Techno-Solutions Corporation and its group companies (the "CTC Group") are dedicated to establishing and enforcing information management based on the CTC Group's Codes of Conduct.
CTC Group Information Security Basic Policy
Personal Information Protection Policy


Certification - Information Security Management System (ISMS) ISO/IEC27001
  Registration Number JQA-IM1705
  ISO/IEC 27001:2013 / JIS Q 27001:2014
  Initial Registration Date (ISO/IEC27001): 12/27/2006
  Initial Registration Date (ISMS): 9/22/2005
  Registration Date: 4/24/2020
  Revision Date: 11/27/2020
  Expiry Date: 1/16/2026
  Registration Office: Santa Clara, CA / New York, NY

About ITOCHU
ITOCHU Techno-Solutions corporation's parent company. ITOCHU is a globally integrated corporation with offices in over 80 countries and operations that cover a broad corporation of any type. 
https://www.itochu.co.jp/en/
